Cam Scanner - Document Scanner Privacy Policy
Table of contents
1. Generally.
2. Data collection and use.
3. Data security and storage.
4. User\'92s Rights.
- 5. External links.
5. Age requirements.
6. Updates to the Privacy Policy.
7. Contact information.
8. Overview
Thank you for choosing QR Code Scanner ("we", "our"). We are committed to safeguarding customer privacy through a culture of ethical performance based on trust, simplicity and confidence. One of our core principles is to protect customer information when using our mobile app QR code scanner and scanner application (the "App") and provide privacy protections that are critical to maintaining trust and providing better service .\
This policy applies only to information collected within the Application, as well as emails, texts and other electronic communications you send through or in connection with the Application.\
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we process it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not download, register, or use this application. By downloading, registering or using the Application, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.\
Reviewing this Privacy Policy will help you become familiar with your privacy rights and choices. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us at wamanappzone@gmail.com.\
9. Data collection and use
Data you provide to us
We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us when you use the Apps, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our Apps, participate in activities on the Apps, or send us feedback. The information we collect depends on the context of your interaction with us and the App. User information we collect may include: email address and username.\
Automatic information collection
When you download, access and use the App, it may automatically collect using technology:\
Device: When you download and use our Apps, we automatically collect information about the type of device on which you downloaded the Apps and your device identifier. We collect this information to ensure that we have the correct version of the application for your device so that we can provide appropriate follow-up support as needed.\
Analytics: We use Google Analytics, a third-party analytics tool, to help us measure traffic and usage trends on the Service. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our Services, the pages they visit when visiting our Services, and what other pages they used before using our Services. We use the information we obtain from Google Analytics solely to improve our services.\
Log files: The data and information collected on your phone (through third-party products) during the use of the application, if an error occurs in the application, is called log data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, application configuration when using the application, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.\
Application permission requirements\
To enable certain features, the application requires the following capabilities on your device:\
- Camera permissions Camera functionality is required when scanning QR codes. This permission is only relevant for scan-based functionality applications.\
- Storage permission (available for android 10 and below) Required to store the QR code required to scan or share the created QR code. Usage of the application remains limited to file management and does not damage or modify any local media storage content.\
Data usage\
In the above cases, we guarantee that your information will only be used to contact you and improve our services. We will never use such information (such as your name and email address) for any other purpose, such as further marketing our products. We will never disclose your information to third parties for commercial gain and we assure you that we will not share any collected data with Google and that Google will obtain prior consent from users before any such collection.\
We may disclose your information to comply with legal requirements, such as in response to a court order or government request. If our application is acquired or merged with another company, your information will be transferred with your consent as part of the transaction.\
10. Data security and storage
Your data privacy is of the utmost importance to us. We adhere to generally accepted protocols to protect the data provided to us, both during transmission and once received. However, no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Accordingly, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot ensure the protection of your personal information transmitted to our applications or customer service features and that any such transmission is made at your own risk. We will utilize strict procedures and security measures to prevent unauthorized access.\
We do not require you to create an account on our App, therefore we do not collect any personal data from you when you download and/or use our App. For information that we collect automatically, we collect it only for operational purposes and we do not retain it. All data is stored only on your device, by deleting system data or uninstalling our app, your data will be permanently deleted.\
11. User'92s Rights.
We offer our users around the world the following rights to protect your data:
(1) Right of Access. You have the right to receive, upon request, details of your personal data that we process.
(2) Right to Rectification. You have the right to amend or correct your data if it is incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete.
(3) Right to withdraw consent. You reserve the right to withdraw the consent granted to us at any time. We are therefore no longer authorized to continue processing based on this consent. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing carried out based on consent before its withdrawal.\
(4) Right to erasure. You have the right to ask us to erase your data in subsequent cases:
-A. Specific processing objectives have been achieved;
- b. We have unlawfully processed your data;
-C. you withdraw your consent where there is no other applicable legal basis for the processing;
- d. Your objection to data processing is successful;
- e. Where ae are obliged to delete data under EU legislation or the laws of the EU member states to which we comply.

We may provide residents of certain areas with additional rights under applicable local data protection laws. No matter where you are, we respect and always use multiple protocols to protect your data.\
If you have any questions about these rights or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us by sending an email.
12. External links
Our Service may contain hyperlinks to other websites. By accessing a linked external website, you acknowledge that it is beyond our operational authority. Therefore, we encourage you to review the privacy policy of a specific website. We have no control over any third party content, privacy regulations, or practices, and assume no liability under this Privacy Policy.\
- Google Play Services: https://policies.google.com/privacy
- Admob: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
13. Age restrictions
These Services are intended for individuals 14 years of age and older. Make sure there is no intention to obtain information from underage participants. Any submitted data of minors discovered will be ensured to be deleted immediately. Parents/Guardians, if your minor child has provided Personal Information, please contact us.\
14. Updates to the Privacy Policy.
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. If we do this, the policy date on our website will be updated to indicate that the policy has changed. For all users, changes will take effect when posted. We encourage you to regularly review the Privacy Policy for the latest information about our privacy practices without prior notice to you.\
15. Contact details.
We welcome your comments or questions about this Privacy Policy. Please send an email to wamanappzone@gmail.com}
